docs(docs): update README for mkdocs site (#19491)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: docs/README.md

# Opentrons Documentation

> [!NOTE]
> If you're looking to read the Opentrons Documentation, visit <https://docs.opentrons.com>.
>
> This document contains information on how the documentation is generated, and how to contribute to it.

> Opentrons Documentation is written in [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) and built with [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org).

Reviewer: I would suggest either or here:

- removing the Markdown link and adding Material and linking to that.
- Keep the `daringfireball` link and also include a link to Material. Material is pretty important and deserves a shout out.

Something like this:
```suggestion
Opentrons Documentation is written in [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) and built using [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org) and the [Material](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/) framework extension.
```

This directory contains:

- Subdirectories for each publication within the documentation site, such as `flex/` and `protocol-designer/`. Each of these is a full MkDocs project that you can build or serve separately.
- The `mkdocs.yml` configuration file for the entire documentation site. It specifies the [mkdocs-monorepo-plugin](https://github.com/backstage/mkdocs-monorepo-plugin) for including individual publications in its navigation.

> - A single-purpose custom plugin, `mkdocs-parent-css-plugin`. All this plugin does is allow the individual publication MkDocs sites load CSS files that are higher in the file hierarchy than their root. (These files are in `docs/shared/`.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A single-purpose custom plugin, `mkdocs-parent-css-plugin`. All this plugin does is allow the individual publication MkDocs sites to load CSS files that are higher in the file hierarchy than their root. (These files are in `docs/shared/`.)
```
